There is another way to look at the world. We cycle around and get what is coming to us. Sometimes it takes generations to get to the place where you can let the smoke waft through the air without chasing it around. You are there. The sensations that pass in front of you are merely an echo of the past, but, echoes can have other sounds layered on top of them. This lends itself to the creation of some really sickening, deafening tones, especially as the history of the human creature has been one of bloodshed, murder, rape, destruction, and chaos. The light merely shows us who those people are. They would come home (and do come home) after destroying and stealing, and the people around them wouldn't question the simple things that would be brought to you.
Sometimes, the sumptuous tit of your monster isn't enough.
Sometimes the sumptuous feast isn't satiating.
This is a trick of chance, a miracle of microchemical interrreactions.
Real somethings are generating within the smoken and mearriln.
Merry until the dawn, something softens in the smoke as the stars light pierces my cornea from a billion miles away. Over the ocean, for the first time.
There is another way to think about this also. The way to see through the haze is to keep going. Smoke and dense lust lost you to the burn. A sweet smooth siren sang to sate your soul, and she see's the senses that you suppress. THe simple truth is. There is no exit from this Gift Shop. 
Some things have left the building, but the smiles of yesterday will always drive us forward through the life that we have created. There are few ways I only know to revolve once more. Every day revolution.
That's the real truth. But is it? When you pull back, and back and back and start to think of galaxies coliding, it's all an inevitable press. We have limited power to flower in our short stay on this plane, but the planes and the trains and the automobiles are so that we actually can find that thing. That grail, that wooden cup that will drain away all of your fears.
Death is an illusion, life is an illusion, the ideas are just that, ideas. The way to move is in line with the cosmos. Cosmic tailwinds push inward, ever outward spiraling reactions push us deeper into the thing that we say is void, but is it?
There is no reason to understand he. 
You knew that a long time ago. The interesting part is realizing it to the core. It took that much.
Another gift.
There is little left in this world, unless you make your world bigger. You walk, when others run. You sit in the shade while others bake in the sun.
Generations of harsh winters turned you into a certain kind of beast. Be the one that smiles within the soul and wiles away the days with the written songs that you are the only one who can create. Something is smiled upon only by each evil being upon the consumption of that which is. The photonic light energizes, the literal motive force links no force within a smoking smite. Silver sylphan simultaneous snaking cloth of reality easily woven out of a smothered serpent. Another accidental assident, assisted by another.
He isn't wise.
The numbers do tell you about the ways in which we might see your stories.
Seven years, three years.
You don't do that out of either love or fear or anything else.
Training takes you to the lands where your wake will ripple.
The lands where the gulf between the powerful and the weak give way to the human. 
